Explain what happens when we copy, assign, or destroy objects of our TextQuery
and QueryResult classes from section 12.3 (p. 484)

The copy control members TextQuery and QueryResult classes defined in 
section 12.3 are all synthesized by the compiler.

* The TextQuery class (p. 488)

  - copy
    The file member is a shared pointer. The default copy constructor will copy 
    the file member of the original object (the right operand) to the newly
    created object (the left operand). Therefore, there will be one more shared
    pointer refers to the object and the reference counter of file will be 
    increased by 1.
    The other member, wm, will be copied to the newly created object, too.

  - assign
    The file member is a shared pointer. The syntheiszed copy-assignment operator
    will copy the file member of the original object (right operand) to the other
    object (left operand). Therefore, there will be one more shared pointer refers
    to the object and the reference counter of file will be increased by 1.
    The other member, wm, will be copied to the left-hand operator, too.

  - destory
    The synthesized destructor will destroy the two members, file and wm.
    While file is destroyed, the reference counter will be decremented by 1.

* The QueryResult class (p. 487)

  - copy
    Both lines and file are smart pointers. The default copy constructor will
    copy these members (smart pointers) of the original object (the right
    operand) to the newly created object (the left operand). Therefore, the
    reference counters of lines and file will both be increased by one.
    The third member, sought, will be copied to the newly created object, too.

  - assign
    Both lines and file are smart pointers. The synthesized copy-assignment
    operator will copy these members (smart pointers) of the original object
    (the right operand) to the newly created object (the left operand). 
    Therefore, the reference counters of lines and file will both be increased
    by one. 
    The third member, sought, will be copied to the newly created object, too.

  - destory
    The synthesized destructor will destroy all the members, file and wm.
    While lines and file are destroyed, both reference counters will be 
    decremented by 1.
    If a reference counter reaches 0, the refered object will be destroyed, too.

