Given the following definitions,

    char cval;
    int ival;
    unsigned int ui;
    float fval;
    double dval;

identify the implicit type conversions, if any, taking place:

    (a) cval = 'a' + 3;
        If the type of the literal 'a' is char, its type will be converted
        to int, because the type of literal 3 is int.
        The type of the result of the add operator (+) is int.
        For the assignment operator (=), because the type of cval is char,
        the type of the result of the add operator will be converted to char.

    (b) fval = ui - ival * 1.0;
        Because the precedence of the operators, the multiply operator (*) 
        will be performed first. Because the type of the literal 1.0 is 
        double, the type of ival will be converted to double. The type of 
        the result of the multiply operator (*) is double.
        Then, the substract operator will be performed. The type of ui will
        be converted to double. The type of the result of the subtract
        operator is dobule.
        Finally, the assignment operator will be performed. because the type
        of fval is float, the type of the result of the substract operator
        will be converted to float.

    (c) dval = ui * fval;
        The multiply operator will be performd first, so the type of ui will
        be converted to float. The type of the result of the multiply operator
        is float.
        Then, the assignment operator will be performed. Because the type of 
        dval is double, the type of the result of the multiply operator will 
        be converted to double.

    (d) cval = ival + fval + dval;
        Because of precedence and associativity of operators, the first add
        operator will be performed first. In this subexpression, ival + fval,
        the type of ival will be converted to float. The type of result of 
        this subexpression is float.
        Then the second add operator will be performed. The type of the result
        of the first add operator will be converted to double. The type of the
        result of the second add operator is double.
        Finally, the assignment operator will be performed. Because the type 
        of cval is char, the type the result yield from the left hand side of 
        the assignment will be converted to char. 

